---
layout: post
title:  "The End"
date:   2022-06-11 08:00:00 -0000
categories: jekyll update
---

This ISP was one hell of an adventure, and like every good adventure, it must come to an end. After finalizing our ISP, adding the finishing touches of our splash screen and fixing some final bugs, everyone in our group had a sigh of relief. This ISP was a rollercoaster of emotion, moving from java swing to JavaFX, the pain of JavaFX, the many bugs, and the countless hours spent crying in Room 222. There were also the great moments, like fixing bugs, getting levels to work, and discovering AtomicReference so we wouldn't have to have the weirdest solution to the weirdest problems. Each member of our group had learned something new from this assignment, whether it be Sean who made all of the levels in Blender, Ethan who created the framework of the levels and how we would program it, or Leo, who added the content of the rooms, each member of this group spent many hours learning a new skill and how to implement it into our game. In the end, the final product is a game that we can all be happy to call our own, and the only thing we have left is to panic and wonder what our final mark will be. A special thanks to everyone who helped contribute to our game, whether it was the people who helped find countless bugs in our game, those who judged the content of it, or those who gave us plenty of advice on how to use JavaFX and the many other tools in Java. This was a crazy journey that we are happy to have been part of, but most of us can agree, we won't be doing anything like this anytime soon.
