---
layout: post
title:  "Post #11"
date:   2022-05-27 08:00:00 -0000
categories: jekyll update
---

##### Author: Sean

So, for room 3, I went insane. Father than I had ever gone before. All because of a plant. Not even a cool plant. It was grass. I wanted the good ending to be bright and happy and I was toying with the idea of another room that looks well, happy. Bright wallpaper and windows with light going through. However, I realized that in order to make that look good I had to add \*shudder\* molding. The thing that dividends the wall and the floor. I didn’t want to do that because it seemed like a hassle and I had already done it once before, so I decided to make an outside scene in a flat plain and a bright blue sky. Similar to the game *Portal 2*’s ending. A breath of fresh air from the cramped spaces our game consists of. Boy do I regret that decision. I thought that grass would be easy, just add a particle emitter to a plane and shape it to look like grass. After watching some videos to confirm my idea, I started. I did everything and even made it look hilly so I didn’t have to make a horizon. But, what I didn’t realize was that my computer was trying to render *100,000* blades of grass, not good. So, once I hit that render button my computer had a stroke and nearly crashed. At this point I was hysterical. Panicking and trying to cancel the render. But, the only way to stop my computer was to open the task manager and end blender. BUT I DIDN’T SAVE.  SO I HAD TO DO IT AGAIN! \*sigh\* Eventually I figured out how to optimize the grass but this was only after blender crashed 3 times and I had to redo once. All in all it took around 3ish hours to make that one image. Needless to say, I don’t like grass anymore. Looks pretty though.
